Dev 1.2.0 #270 test architecture refactoring (#298)
IBM/adversarial-robustness-toolbox: README.md

git clone https://github.com/IBM/adversarial-robustness-toolbox
```

> Install ART with the following command from the main project folder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install ART with the following command from the project folder `adversarial-robustness-toolbox`:
```
